"Pull up a chair. Take a taste. Come join us. Life is so endlessly delicious." -Ruth Reichl
"The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all." -Walt Disney, Mulan
"Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly." -Neil Gaiman
"A season of loneliness and isolation is when the caterpillar gets its wings. Remember that next time you feel alone." -Mandy Hale
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Yes. We both have a bad feeling. Tonight we shall take our bad feelings and share them, and face them. We shall mourn. We shall drain the bitter dregs of mortality. Pain shared, my brother, is pain not doubled, but halved. No man is an island." - Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys
"Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste." -Charlotte Brontë
"Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing." -Elie Wiesel
"If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other." -Mother Teresa
"A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog." -Jack London
"The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it." -Thich Nhan Hanh
"To do good is noble. To tell others to do good is even nobler and much less trouble." -Mark Twain
"It is a grave injustice to a child or adult to insist that they stop crying. ... We stop other people from crying because we cannot stand the sounds and movements of their bodies. It threatens our own rigidity. It induces similar feelings in ourselves which we dare not express and it evokes a resonance in our own bodies which we resist." -Alexander Lowen
"Over the years, I have come to realize that the greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity, or power, but self-rejection." -Henri J.M. Nouwen
"This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!'" -Steve Maraboli
"The belief that unhappiness is selfless and happiness is selfish is misguided. It's more selfless to act happy. It takes energy, generosity, and discipline to be unfailingly lighthearted, yet everyone takes the happy person for granted." Gretchen Rubin
"One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels." -Gustave Flaubert
"Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently." -Maya Angelou
"Love is the absence of judgment." -Dalai Lama XIV
"Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery." -J.K. Rowling
"You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection" -Gautama Buddha
"Because one believes in oneself, one doesn't try to convince others. Because one is content with oneself, one doesn't need others' approval. Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him or her." -Laozi
"Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome." -Isaac Asimov
"How strange that the nature of life is change, yet the nature of human beings is to resist change. And how ironic that the difficult times we fear might ruin us are the very ones that can break us open and help us blossom into who we were meant to be." -Elizabeth Lesser
"You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway." -Steve Maraboli
"We must have a pie. Stress cannot exist in the presence of a pie." -Steve Mamet
"To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan and not quite enough time." -Leonard Bernstein
"Because I trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (At least, today I feel that way.) I think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of." -Jason Mraz
"Never apologize for showing your feelings. When you do, you are apologizing for the truth." -Jose N. Harris
"We experience ourselves our thoughts and feelings as something separate from the rest. A kind of optical delusion of consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us." -Albert Einstein
"When I’m feeling down, I make myself a big bowl of Up Soup. The bowl only looks empty, but in reality it’s full of hope. Grab a spoon, there’s plenty for both of us." -Jarod Kintz
"If you don't feel it, flee from it. Go where you are celebrated, not merely tolerated." -Paul F. Davis
"Do you imagine the universe is agitated? Go into the desert at night and look at the stars. This practice should answer the question." -Laozi
"The unexamined life is not worth living." -Socrates
"It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it." -Lou Holtz
"Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever." -Lance Armstrong
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart" -Helen Keller
"It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone." -Marilyn Monroe
"The best way out is always through." -Robert Frost
"That was one of the saddest things about people--their most important thoughts and feelings often went unspoken and barely understood." -Alexandra Adornetto
"Anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening." -Greta Garbo
"Friendship is far more tragic than love. It lasts longer." -Oscar Wilde
"My body needs laughter as much as it needs tears. Both are cleansers of stress." -Mahogany SilverRain
"The only problem in your life is your mind's resistance to life as it unfolds." -Dan Millman
"It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else." -Erma Bombeck
"You can share in my joy, but I don’t want to share my misery. No, I want to give away my misery. Go ahead, take it all." -Jaron Kintz, 99 Cents for some nonsense
"Do not ruin today with mourning tomorrow." -Catherynne M. Valente
"Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life." -Marcus Aurelius
"One is a great deal less anxious if one feels perfectly free to be anxious, and the same may be said of guilt." -Alan Wilson Watts, Psychotherapy East and West
"In this moment, there is plenty of time. In this moment, you are precisely as you should be. In this moment, there is infinite possibility." Victora Moran
"True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand." -Henry James
"Perfection of character is this: to live each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, without apathy, without pretence." -Marcus Aurelius
"It stands to reason that anyone who learns to live well will die well. The skills are the same: being present in the moment, and humble, and brave, and keeping a sense of humor." -Victoria Moran
"Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more." -Mother Teresa
"'Come back!' the Caterpillar called after her. 'I've something important to say.' This sounded promising, certainly. Alice turned and came back again. 'Keep your temper,' said the Caterpillar." -Lewis Carroll
"Someone told me sleep was the cousin of death and followin’ the dollar finds nothin’ but stress." -Mac Miller
"Stress is the trash of modern life-we all generate it but if you don't dispose of it properly, it will pile up and overtake your life." -Danzae Pace
"The greatest wisdom is in simplicity. Love, respect, tolerance, sharing, gratitude, forgiveness. It's not complex or elaborate. The real knowledge is free. It's encoded in your DNA. All you need is within you. Great teachers have said that from the beginning. Find your heart, and you will find your way." -Carlos Barrios, Mayan elder and Ajq'ij of the Eagle Clan
"I was a little excited but mostly blorft. "Blorft" is an adjective I just made up that means 'Completely overwhelmed but proceeding as if everything is fine and reacting to the stress with the torpor of a possum.' I have been blorft every day for the past seven years." -Tina Fey
"I promise you nothing is as chaotic as it seems. Nothing is worth your health. Nothing is worth poisoning yourself into stress, anxiety, and fear." -Steve Maraboli
"In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers." -Fred Rogers
"If the problem can be solved why worry? If the problem cannot be solved worrying will do you no good." -Santideva
"When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." -Paulo Coelho
